This study aims to develop an online Greek language learning platform via a learning management system based on the WordPress platform for primary school pupils with Russian as a mother tongue. The subject was chosen with a view to aid both the communication needs of Russian native speakers in Greece, as well as their smooth integration into society. For the purpose of the current study, we investigated how Greek language is learnt in Russia, how widespread and popular it is, whether it is supported by the Russian educational system, as well as whether Greek language distance learning could be achieved. Moreover, LMS(Learning management system) environments were investigated as well, aiming at selecting the most student/teacher-friendly one. Taking into account that the platform is addressed to children, a presentable and properly developed material was designed, thus making the learning of each module more interesting and comprehensible throughout its short duration. With "GrfKids" platform speakers of other languages have the opportunity to learn Greek in an interactive asynchronous teaching environment with an automatic assessment. Moreover, "GrfKids" can be easily and immediately expanded both to pupils` linguistic, as well as age range. "GrfKids" provides Greek language courses to children with Russian as a mother tongue with interactive modules in which the learners can adapt the learning time by themselves. It is easy to use, functional and easily adapted to the ages it is addressed to. It was developed to create a teaching system by applying different plugins to the selected CMS(Content Management system), aiming to achieve a curriculum in which the pupil is in direct interaction with the educational material. It can be used individually, or as a support tool in a real class context. The curriculum has been designed in an evolutionary format and there is an introduction in each module explaining the part that follows.
